In 1998, I started dating a girl,
and we dated for two years.
During that time,
I also started studying the Bible.
Our relationship was going well.
We didn’t have any big issues;
we got along well; we rarely argued.
So, then, how do you go
to someone when you’re dating
and everything is going well and say:
“Listen, I can see you don’t
feel the same as I do.
“I don’t want to date you anymore
because now I’m studying the Bible.
I want to be one of Jehovah’s Witnesses”?
I really had to muster up a lot of courage
to tell her that.
But there are moments
when you start to ask yourself,
‘Did I really make the right decision?’
And up to around the time
when I got baptized,
I was still hoping
that she would learn the truth.
But, unfortunately, that didn’t happen.
I was also involved in something else
that I really loved, which was sports.
When I was younger,
I was part of the track and field team,
and I participated in many
local 5K and 10K competitions.
Some who trained with me at the time
went on to become professional athletes.
Some even competed in the Olympics.
I knew I had a decision to make.
It wouldn’t be possible for me
to keep training for track and field
while trying to serve Jehovah.
So I had to have enough courage
to speak to my coach.
And after that,
I gave up being an athlete.
Looking back now,
it wasn’t easy to leave those things behind,
but what Jehovah has given me today
is much more valuable
than anything I gave up.
I have the privilege of serving
in Bethel together with my wife,
who also gives her all in Jehovah’s service.
I can honestly say that I am
truly happy serving
Jehovah with all my heart.